welcome back to recapped today i am
going to show you a thriller slash
horror film from 2014 title that follows
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
in the opening scene a young woman is
fleeing from someone or something she is
shown driving to the beach at the beach
she calls her father and tells him that
she's sorry for being so unkind to him
in the morning it is shown that she was
brutally murdered during the night her
leg is twisted and a bone is seen
sticking out of it
the film then switches to jay who is on
a date with hugh at the movies
while they are waiting in line hugh
starts talking about how envious he is
of young children and how they have
innocent carefree lives when they are
inside the theater hugh spots a young
woman at the entrance he points her out
to jay but she however cannot see her
suddenly hugh starts getting afraid and
demands to jay that they leave the
theater on their next date jay and hugh
are having sex in his car when he
suddenly chloroforms her when jay
awakens she is tied up in a wheelchair
he was there and he explains to her that
when they had sex he passed on a curse
to her this curse is an entity that can
only be seen by the person with the
curse which is now jay
the entity can take the form of any
person and will follow her repeatedly at
a walking pace he who says he got the
curse from some girl he had a one night
stand with
it will continue to stalk hugh until he
passes the curse on to someone else
hence why he slept with jay at that
moment hugh spots a naked woman walking
towards them
jay and hugh then flee
hugh drops jay off at home and continues
to flee the police are searching for
hugh but are unable to find him the next
day the police cannot find the naked
woman or hugh who is living under a
false identity a few days later jay is
in the bathroom
she looks at her body probably wondering
what hugh told her about passing the
curse to another person through sex
while at school jay spots an old woman
in a hospital gown walking towards her
that night jay paul kelly and another
friend yara all agree to spend the night
in the same house
during the night paul hears a noise and
examines a smashed window in the kitchen
he looks around but does not see anyone
jay then sees an almost naked woman with
dark eyes walking towards her she runs
to tell the others but none of them can
see anything
suddenly a tall man with dark eyes walks
into the room
jay then runs out of the house jay runs
to a playground nearby where her friends
eventually catch up to her a neighbor
named greg offers to help the group by
giving them a ride jay and her friends
plan to confront hugh
after tracking him down by figuring out
his real address he insists on his
original story telling jay that she
needs to sleep with someone in order to
successfully pass the curse on to
someone else the group then goes back to
greg's house
jay deduces that she needs to learn how
to use a gun
while the group is sitting by the water
the entity takes on the appearance of
yara and begins to attack jay they begin
to run away and they make their way into
a shed
she shoots it but it doesn't work and it
takes the form of a little boy jay then
gets into a car and drives away but she
only manages to crash into a cornfield
when jay awakens she is in the hospital
being treated for her broken arm before
she is released jay decides to pass the
curse on to someone else she sleeps with
greg in her hospital bed in hopes of
successfully passing the curse onto him
paul is heartbroken after finding out
that jay was with greg at home jay looks
out the window to see greg walking down
the street to his house when he gets to
his window he breaks it and enters jay
then figures out that it has taken the
appearance of greg
jay runs over to the house and peeks
inside to see it taking on the
appearance of greg's mom jay then tries
to warn greg who is on the telephone it
jumps on top of greg and kills him
now the curse has reverted back to jay
who flees to the woods when she awakens
in the morning jay is near a beach and
spots three young men on a boat she
undresses and goes into the water hoping
that she can sleep with one of the men
and can pass on the curse to buy herself
more time back at home paul wants to
sleep with jay but she rebuffs him since
she does not want him to be killed
the next day while in a car jay spots it
posing as a naked man spying on her from
the roof
paul then comes up with a plan to kill
it the group goes to a deserted swimming
pool in hopes of luring it into the
water and then electrocuting it jay is
the bait and gets into the pool
when she finally spots it it has taken
on the appearance of her father but it
has figured out the plan and starts
throwing electrical devices into the
water to kill jay
since they cannot see it the others fire
blindly to try to kill it they find a
blanket and throw it over it and paul
then shoots it in the head supposedly
killing the entity after heading home
paul and jay finally have sex
paul then drives to a rundown part of
detroit where there are prostitutes
walking the street
sometime later jay and paul are walking
down the street hand in hand
behind them a person is following them
make sure to subscribe and turn on
notifications for more videos like this
thanks for watching